<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [bee-js-docs-project](./bee-js-docs-project.md) &gt; [Utils](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.md)

## Utils namespace

## Functions

<table><thead><tr><th>

Function


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[approximateOverheadForRedundancyLevel(chunks, level, encrypted)](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.approximateoverheadforredundancylevel.md)


</td><td>

Returns an approximate multiplier for the overhead of a given redundancy level. Redundancy level is a tradeoff between storage overhead and fault tolerance. Use this number to estimate the amount of chunks that will be stored for a given redundancy level.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getAmountForDuration(duration, pricePerBlock, blockTime)](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.getamountforduration.md)


</td><td>

Get the postage batch `amount` required for a given `duration`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getCollectionSize(fileList)](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.getcollectionsize.md)


</td><td>

Calculate cumulative size of files


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getDepthForSize(size)](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.getdepthforsize.md)


</td><td>

Utility function that calculates the depth required for a postage batch to achieve the specified effective size


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getFolderSize(dir)](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.getfoldersize.md)


</td><td>

Calculate folder size recursively


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getRedundancyStat(level)](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.getredundancystat.md)


</td><td>


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getRedundancyStats()](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.getredundancystats.md)


</td><td>


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getStampCost(depth, amount)](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.getstampcost.md)


</td><td>

Utility function that calculates the cost of a postage batch based on its depth and amount.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getStampDuration(amount, pricePerBlock, blockTime)](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.getstampduration.md)


</td><td>

Utility function that calculates the TTL of a postage batch based on its amount, price per block and block time.

For more accurate results, get the price per block and block time from the Bee node or the blockchain.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getStampEffectiveBytes(depth)](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.getstampeffectivebytes.md)


</td><td>

Utility function that calculates the effective size of a postage batch based on its depth.

Below 22 depth the effective size is 0 Above 34 it's always &gt; 99%


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getStampEffectiveBytesBreakpoints()](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.getstampeffectivebytesbreakpoints.md)


</td><td>


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getStampTheoreticalBytes(depth)](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.getstamptheoreticalbytes.md)


</td><td>

Utility function that calculates the theoritical maximum size of a postage batch based on its depth.

For smaller depths (up to 22), this may provide less accurate results.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getStampUsage(utilization, depth, bucketDepth)](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.getstampusage.md)


</td><td>

Utility function that calculates usage of postage batch based on its utilization, depth and bucket depth.

For smaller depths (up to 20), this may provide less accurate results.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[makeCollectionFromFileList(fileList)](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.makecollectionfromfilelist.md)


</td><td>


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[makeMaxTarget(target)](./bee-js-docs-project.utils.makemaxtarget.md)


</td><td>

Utility function that for given strings/reference takes the most specific target that Bee node will except.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
